{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red245\green0\blue73;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c98039\c11373\c35686;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs80 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 A Future-Ready Brazilian Textile Ecosystem with Digital Product Passports\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Yvo Hunink de Paiva\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Sep 16, 2024\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 3 min rea\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 d\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs80 \cf0 \cb2 \
Instruction for Claude Code: The certainty with which I launched this Regen Textiles at the end of the blog was too enthusiastic and the project never flew. Please tone it down so it becomes an open invitation to explore this rather than a project planning.. (end of instructions) \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 At Regen Studio, we are committed to pushing the boundaries of sustainability and transparency in global supply chains. With the European Union\'92s new Digital Product Passport (DPP) regulation coming into force in 2027, brands operating in the EU will need to publish a DPP for any textile products entering the European market. This shift from brand sustainability to product-specific sustainability brings both challenges and opportunities.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 What is a Digital Product Passport (DPP)?
\f0\b0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 A DPP is a digital interface linked to a product, where crucial data about the product can be viewed, interacted with, certified or added. It provides insight into the sustainability and circularity of the product and its components, and can create complete new business models and it will be a tool for transparency, tracking, and regulatory compliance that will reshape how we understand textiles. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/post/digital-product-passports-for-regenerative-economies"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Read more about DPPs in our previous blog.}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Why is this relevant for textiles?
\f0\b0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 As part of the European Union's Green Deal, the EU strategy on Circular Textiles and the Eco-design for Sustainable Products Regulation (ESPR), textiles have been placed at the forefront of products for which DPPs will be designed. After the DPP system standard is published at the end of 2025, a delegated act on textiles is expected in 2026, mandating DPPs for textiles. However, new regulatory demands going into effect in 2025 through the revised Waste Directive, make sure that companies also have to navigate the extended producer responsibility (EPR), which ensures that they are responsible for the cost of the end-of-life management of their products, which favors the use of a DPP as well.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Why Brazil?
\f0\b0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Brazil is uniquely positioned to embrace this transformation, first and foremost because of it's enormous production capacity for sustainable and circular textiles. Local bio-based source materials such as green cotton, hemp, and bio-based solutions provide a fertile ground for innovative textiles. Furthermore, Brazil has a strong innovation ecosystem surrounding the textile industry, and hosts a yearly Brazil Eco Fashion Week. With the eventual adoption of the Mercosur trade agreement, conditions for the trade of textiles will improve further. Therefore, Brazil is set to become a leader in sustainable and circular textiles. \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Introducing Regen Textiles - A Brazilian Textile DPP Experiment
\f0\b0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 At Regen Studio, we dream about helping the Brazilian ecosystem for textiles become DPP-ready. That is why we are proposing an experiment surrounding DPPs in Brazil.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Our proposed project is not just about producing sustainable textiles but about building an entire ecosystem that integrates DPP into its core infrastructure. By simulating both producer, branding, and DPP system building under one roof, we can better understand the needs of the industry and create a system that serves all stakeholders.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 The Core Products
\f0\b0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 DPP-ready White Label Shirts:
\f0\b0 \'a0These shirts will be made from sustainable, biodegradable, and recyclable materials. With a transparent supply chain and validated data, we can built the DPPs surrounding the product, focusing on the sourcing of materials in Brazil itself. We are currently eye-balling {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fiosgood.com.br/nossos-tecidos/viscose-banana-caramelizada/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 textiles made from banana}}. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 A DPP ready brand:
\f0\b0 \'a0To fully understand the requirements for the DPP system, especially in the context of international brands, we are setting up an experimental DPP-ready brand. By focusing on storytelling and sustainability, this brand will connect consumers with the source of the product, creating a unique value-driven experience that might unlock new business value.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 A DPP System for Brazilian Textiles:
\f0\b0 \'a0Finally, after all our lessons with the product and the brand, we develop an operational system for textile DPPs in Brazil, complete with technical interoperability standards, open-source building blocks, and licensing options. Right in time for the regulations kick in.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Phase-by-Phase Approach
\f0\b0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 We are designing a phased approach to building this ecosystem:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Phase 1 (2024):
\f0\b0 \'a0Form the ecosystem\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Phase 2 (2025):
\f0\b0 \'a0Launch a circular, DPP-ready white-label product.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Phase 3 (2026):
\f0\b0 \'a0Build a DPP-ready international brand from the bottom up\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Phase 4 (2027):
\f0\b0 \'a0Develop a Brazilian textile DPP system.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Throughout these phases, we will create a legal structure, determine partners, co-design the DPP system with our partners, and validate compliance with regulations.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Join Us in Shaping the Future
\f0\b0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 As we move forward, we invite partners, brands, and innovators to join us in creating a truly sustainable and transparent Brazilian textile ecosystem with Digital Product Passports. We have the opportunity to leapfrog traditional sustainability hurdles and build a future where every product tells its story\'97from its raw materials to its end-of-life.
\fs32 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Send us an e-mail through {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:info@regenstudio.world"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 info@regenstudio.world}}\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Stay tuned for more updates on our progress and how you can get involved. Together, we can redefine sustainability for the textile industry. \cb1 \
}