{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red245\green0\blue73;
\red245\green0\blue73;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c98039\c11373\c35686;
\cssrgb\c98039\c11373\c35686;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34060\viewh18580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs80 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Insights from CircularTech Forum in Cologne - The Global Community on Digital Product Passports\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		
\fs80 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Yvo Hunink de Paiva\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Sep 23, 2025\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 4 min read\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs80 \cf0 \cb2 Categories: Digital Product Passports, Vision & Strategy\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 On September 22nd I was in Germany to participate in the CircularTech Forum event, the event for the global community around Digital Product Passports (DPPs).\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 Apart from connecting with many interesting people, I walked away with a number of interesting insights. Let me share them with you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs56 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 1 - As much as 90% of products on the European market might require DPPs in the future.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The product groups that receive most attention in the realm of DPPs are batteries and those mentioned in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/post/what-to-expect-from-the-espr-working-plan-2025-2030"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 ESPR Working Plan}}. However, separate regulations around toys, construction materials, plastic packaging, critical raw materials, detergents and vehicles also refer to DPPs as a tool for reporting compliance. Moreover the European Commission in its {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/posts/regen-studio-world_the-single-market-our-european-home-market-activity-7331294733689888768-aT-z?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop&rcm=ACoAAAi-2g0B6sSS5bByFckNB8vzL5D6CVFx_H0"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 Single Market Strategy}} mentions DPPs as the envisioned tool for all product related compliance reporting in the future and also refers to DPPs in the '{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://single-market-economy.ec.europa.eu/single-market/simplification_en"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 Omnibus IV}}' as a tool for simplifying adhering to market regulations. These insights have led Maximilian Weinhold from Siemens to mention during one of the panels that it is expected that 90% of all products in the EU will be required to use a DPP in the future.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs56 \cf0 2 - Design DPP value propositions on the level of separate datapoints\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 During the same panel, Tilmann Vahle from Quantis, who has been one of the drivers behind the Battery Passport ecosystem, mentioned that each datapoint in the DPP should have its own value proposition. Designing like this prevents data-overload and keeps the DPP as small and manageable as possible. It also makes it easier to organize your ecosystem, even within organizations, as it allows you to bring together only the essential value chain for a single datapoint rather than all stakeholders at the same time. One point of critique on that view, however, is that it can not always be determined upfront by the core stakeholders in the design process what the value of a potential datapoint is. For example, consumer organizations might decide to research a specific element of a product value chain due to new insights in the future. So in some cases including more datapoints could still be valuable. Still this approach makes the design and implementation of DPPs more resource effective.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs56 \cf0 3 - Being early is a superpower\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Perhaps the most obvious lesson, yet so frequently mentioned it cannot be missed in this overview, is to not wait on regulations and standards to start working on DPPs. This specific point was stressed by Franz Geyer from BMW Group, D\'f3nal O'Regan from Fujitsu/CIRPASS-2, Sven Dahlmeier from Capgemini/Catena-x and Alexander K\'f6nig from GS1 Germany. You can improve your data maturity, even before knowing all the specific datapoints or technical standards that should be used for presenting information in the required format. Most difficulties come from digitizing supply chains that are still heavily paper based and bringing this to the next level will help you become DPP-ready. Furthermore, the broad categories of datapoint are already known and it is not rocket-science that emissions per product, or percentages of recycled materials or instructions for repair and recycling will be required information for every product group for which delegated acts are expected.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs56 \cf0 4. Invest in DPP readiness of SMEs in your own supply chain\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Up until now, I have mostly advised SMEs to get ready for DPPs themselves. Gideon Schwich of the recycling company Cylib, however, urged large companies that are building DPPs to also invest in their own suppliers to become ready. Franz Geyer of BMW group even went so far as to say that for SMEs who do not comply with information requirements, it could mean their 'death sentence', which is why they are indeed helping them to be compliant, because it makes them be compliant. Dr. Lei Pi of Shenzhen Precise Testing Technology mentioned that for SMEs in China, the whole DPP space is a complete black box, but the Chinese government has had a long term strategy to provide them with a Chinese framework for DPP implementation and compliance with Europe's standards, which ironically could lead to the Chinese market being DPP-ready before European companies.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs56 \cf0 5. Practical business cases already exist\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 A significant reduction in the printing of manuals and other documents can be achieved through digital access, which not only saves costs but also reduces environmental impact. At the same time, sales of spare parts are stimulated through repair activities, creating new revenue streams. Moreover, step-by-step guides for repairers can be generated by AI based on protected design information, further enabling accessible and effective repair practices, without compromising on revealing the 'secret sauce' of product designs. For recyclers, there is also an increase in revenues from sales supported by verifiable recycling proof, as highlighted by Gideon Schwich of Cylib and referred to by Martin Mitev from T-Systems as data-driven urban mining. Finally, better access to product information can contribute to a reduction of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://euric.org/resource-hub/position-papers/battery-fires-in-recycling-facilities-a-burning-issue-and-how-to-resolve-it"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 fire incidents at recycling stations}}, with a striking example having occurred {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cd9yyzlpypvo"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 just two days ago}} in the UK. \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs56 \cf0 Other insights\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 There is no clarity yet about possible consequences of non-compliance for products produced inside of the EU, such as potential fines. For non-compliant products outside of the EU it will likely result in a refusal at the border.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Some key infrastructure at the EU level is not in place yet, such as the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=intcom%3AAres%282024%293131389"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 carbon footprint delegated act for electric vehicle batteries}}, the DPP registry and the webportal.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 If the carbon footprint calculation methodology for electric vehicle batteries is required to be captured in law, potentially other products will require the same\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The DPP standardization with CEN/CENELEC JTC24 is nearing completion, expected for december 2025.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  'Panic has never resulted in good innovation', Hans-Christian Eberl from the European Commission on why the strategic focus of Europe focuses on autonomy and competitiveness instead of climate change prevention.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The DPP excellence awards were won by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://madaster.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 Madaster}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://circulor.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 Circulor}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.narravero.com/en"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 Narravero}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.pathera.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 Path.Era}}\ul .\cb1 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs56 \cf0 What next for the Global Community on Digital Product Passports?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Now that this year's event is over, it is time to look forward. Regen Studio will commit itself to help the community forward. Maybe by bringing the community to The Netherlands or Brazil. Stay tuned for updates by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?fetchDeterministicClustersOnly=true&heroEntityKey=urn%3Ali%3Aorganization%3A105199538&keywords=regen%20studio&origin=RICH_QUERY_SUGGESTION&position=0&searchId=ebe6c941-cc47-4407-b71c-f554648f9f66&sid=o1c&spellCorrectionEnabled=false"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 following us}}.\cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/yvo-hunink-63917a41/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec3 Yvo Hunink}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Founder Regen Studio\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:yvo.hunink@regenstudio.world"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs36 \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 yvo.hunink@regenstudio.world}}
\fs36 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 "CircularTech Forum lets the DPP community come together. With strong contribution from the European Comission, the German Governments, DPP service providers and DPP adopters."
\f0\i0 \cb1 \
}