{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green41\blue65;
\red245\green0\blue73;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c21961\c32549;
\cssrgb\c98039\c11373\c35686;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34060\viewh18580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs80 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Designing for Privacy with Self-Sovereign Identity\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Yvo Hunink de Paiva\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Sep 24, 2024\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 4 min rea\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 d\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs80 \cf0 \cb2 Categories: Digital Identity, Privacy-by-Design, Vision & Strategy\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 In an era where personal data is continuously harvested and monetized, the concept of privacy, a fundamental right, has become a complex challenge.
\f1\b  
\f0\b0 Our data is being stolen from us, used to influence us and manipulate us politically.
\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4  
\f0\b0 \cf0 \strokec3 Our digital lifestyle is not ending anytime soon. On the contrary, we continue digitizing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 At Regen Studio, we think we need value-driven, responsible and privacy-first technologies to safeguard individual privacy and autonomy. In our quest for a digital space where people can be protected, we came across Self-Sovereign Identities (SSI), a form of digital identity that places the control over personal data back into the hands of individuals.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf0 The Role of Designing for Privacy\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 Privacy-by-Design is an approach that embeds privacy into the design of systems and processes from the outset, rather than as an afterthought. By designing systems with privacy from the start, we can create environments that inherently protect personal data, reducing risks associated with data breaches, identity theft, and unauthorized access.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 From our experience working with governments, we have seen that even when intentions are good, regulation is in place or internal processes are designed, large organizations tend to allow grave privacy risks in their organization, sometimes resulting in breaches. Entire copies of Citizen Databases on the personal computer of employees, to facilitate work, are not uncommon, let alone the amount of emails that are sent around with personal information in them for which consent was not given.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 One of the goals of Privacy-by-Design is data minimization, so for example claims about yourself without exposing unnecessary details. For instance, imagine verifying your age without revealing your exact date of birth or sharing proof of your address without exposing your full name. Or perhaps participate in a voting from a local government project, with only having to proof you are a citizen of the neighborhood to get access. The SSI community is building tools that help us do that in the most privacy-friendly way.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf0 What is Self-Sovereign Identity (SSI)?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 SSI is an attribute-based digital identity management model that allows individuals to own, control, and share their personal data without relying on a central authority that manages that identity (e.g. Login with Facebook). It allows for the creation of bottom-up trust networks. Unlike traditional digital identity systems, SSI empowers users with full control over their information, deciding who can access it and revoke that access. The movement around SSI initially formed itself around {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.lifewithalacrity.com/article/the-path-to-self-soverereign-identity/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 a set of 10 values by Christopher Allen}}, to design an internet with better protection of the individual. This way of approaching digital identity aligns with the core principles of "privacy-by-design," a focus that Regen Studio prioritizes in its projects.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf0 Some ways in which SSI Supports Privacy-by-Design\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Decentralized cryptography:
\f0\b0 \'a0SSIs frequently operate on decentralized networks, eliminating the need for centralized databases that are often targeted by cyberattacks, whilst still maintaining a common record of anonymous transactions that can be used as a proof, or a trust anchor. By removing single points of failure, SSIs offer a robust defense against unauthorized data access and introduces a layer of immutability.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 User Control:
\f0\b0 \'a0Users have the autonomy to manage their data, deciding which information to share, with whom, and for how long. Users can create new identifiers for each transaction, meaning your activity can not be traced by crossing information from different organizations, such as an e-mail address used for accounts. This contrasts sharply with traditional identity systems where data is often shared without the user's explicit consent.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Selective Disclosure:
\f0\b0 \'a0With SSIs, individuals can selectively disclose information based on the context, ensuring that only the necessary data is shared. This is a game-changer for protecting sensitive information and reducing data exposure.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Interoperability and Portability:
\f0\b0 \'a0SSIs are designed to be interoperable across different platforms, enabling seamless use without compromising security. This portability further empowers individuals, providing consistent privacy protections regardless of the platform or service.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 SSI is not free from risk of turning out the opposite of what it was designed to be. When friction to ask for digital proof goes down, we might risking having to excessively scan QR codes to get into places. And what about 'privacy is a luxury for the rich only' becoming a reality worse as organizations start incentivizing individuals to share their data, which only those in need of money will do. However, if we keep the principles it was designed on in mind, and evaluate for them, we can make the promise of a people-first Internet a reality.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs44 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Dutch Blockchain Coalition
\f0\b0 \
Pioneering Designing for Privacy with Self-Sovereign Identity\cb1 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\fs36 \cb2 \strokec3 Our client, the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dutchblockchaincoalition.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 Dutch Blockchain Coalition}}, has been at the forefront of research and development in the field of SSI. Their work is pivotal in creating standardized SSI frameworks that prioritize privacy and data protection. By focusing on interoperable, user-centric solutions, they are paving the way for broader adoption of privacy-preserving digital identities in Europe and beyond. The Coalition\'92s efforts in establishing the SSI ecosystem are instrumental in shaping a future where privacy is not a luxury but a default setting in all digital interactions. \cb1 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\fs36 \cb1 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\fs36 \cb2 \strokec3 As we continue to collaborate with thought leaders like the Dutch Blockchain Coalition, we are committed to building systems that prioritize privacy and respect for individual rights at every stage, whilst understanding their risks. \cb1 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\fs36 \cb1 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\fs36 \cb2 \strokec3 Reach out to us through {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:info@regenstudio.world"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 info@regenstudio.world}} if you want us designing systems for privacy with self-sovereign identities for you.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Tags:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/cybersecurity"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Cybersecurity'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/digital-trust"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Digital Trust'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/decentralized-identity"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Decentralized Identity'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/digital-identity"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Digital Identity'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/identity-verification"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Identity Verification'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/blockchain-privacy"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Blockchain Privacy'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/self-sovereign-identity"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Self-Sovereign Identity'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/ssi"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'SSI'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/user-control"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'User Control'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/user-autonomy"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'User Autonomy'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/privacy-risks"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Privacy Risks'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/data-privacy"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Data Privacy'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/interoperability"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Interoperability'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/decentralization"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Decentralization'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/regen-studio-1"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Regen Studio'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/dutch-blockchain-coalition"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Dutch Blockchain Coalition'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/privacy-protection"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Privacy Protection'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/privacy-by-design"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Privacy-by-Design'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/selective-disclosure"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Selective Disclosure'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/data-security"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Data Security'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/identity-management"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Identity Management'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/digital-transformation"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Digital Transformation'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/data-breach-prevention"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Data Breach Prevention'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/personal-data-control"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Personal Data Control'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/privacy-regulation"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Privacy Regulation'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/privacy-first-technology"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Privacy-first Technology'}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/cryptography"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 'Cryptography}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/anonymous-transactions"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 '}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
}