{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red245\green0\blue73;
\red255\green237\blue199;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c98039\c11373\c35686;
\cssrgb\c100000\c94118\c81961;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34060\viewh18580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs80 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Talk to AI as if it's Trump - A Simple Strategy for Digital Self-Defense in the age of AI
\fs56 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs80 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Yvo Hunink de Paiva\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
May 22, 2025\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2 min read\cb1 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs80 \cf0 \cb2 Categories: AI, Vision & Strategy\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Until recently, I thought I had a solid handle on digital self-defense. But something shifted.\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 Some days ago, my wife and I found ourselves in a conversation with 
\f1\b ChatGPT taking the role as a relationship therapist
\f0\b0 . We shared real emotions and intimate thoughts. \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 It played the role of independent third person perfectly and helped us figure out, without a fight, that we both just needed to be heard...\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 But who are we really talking to? We are giving OpenAI information meant help us, but in the wrong hands can also be used to drive a wedge between us. Both existing and 
\f1\b new developments in the U.S. give serious rise to concerns
\f0\b0  around our privacy.\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 This urgency inspired a mental model I now use every day.. \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\f1\b\fs36 "Having
\f0\b0  
\f1\b a conversation with ChatGPT is the same as whispering it in Donald Trump's ear
\f0\b0 ."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs28 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 Whispering in Trump's ear, in front of a scene loosely inspired by the governmental center of The Hague
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \strokec3 Ironically, this post was co-written with the help of ChatGPT. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://chatgpt.com/share/685b693d-4b68-8001-bbac-a0fa6b140001"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}}) I figured it can put me in danger for future visa request to the U.S, but I have no desire going anyway. After the Dutch King Willem-Alexander has let Trump sleep in his palace, the Dutch seem out of the crosshairs. For now.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f1\b\fs36 So I am taking the risk!
\f0\b0 \strokec3 \

\fs24 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \strokec3 Let\'92s unpack why this matters, and how you can protect yourself \'97 and your community \'97 from the invisible extractive forces behind the screen.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs56 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Risks of legal jurisdictions\
[
\f2\i\fs28 \cb2 \strokec3 Do you know who makes the rules - image with this subtext]
\f0\i0\fs36 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\
Even when a government can be expected to follow the law, that law can represent serious risks.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 The majority of LLMs in use today are owned, operated, and governed by U.S. corporations that have to comply to laws like the CLOUD Act, which gives the government the
\f1\b \'a0power to request any data on servers of U.S. companies
\f0\b0 , even if not located in the U.S. Even 'ethical AI models' like U.S.-based Claude run that risk. \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 However, since last month 
\f1\b our privacy is threatened from another unexpected corner
\f0\b0 . A lawsuit filed by the New York Times against OpenAI for copyrights infringement. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://harvardlawreview.org/blog/2024/04/nyt-v-openai-the-timess-about-face/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}}) \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 In this lawsuit, the court decided in favor of the New York Times in that OpenAI should 
\f1\b retain all user and API data indefinitely
\f0\b0 , something that OpenAI rightfully says would seriously contradict their privacy commitments. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://openai.com/index/response-to-nyt-data-demands/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}}) Combined with the CLOUD Act, this could prove disastrous for all users of US based AI models.\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 Although OpenAI is not complying with this court order yet, it might be a good idea to 
\f1\b remove your data while you can
\f0\b0 . \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs56 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Digital Profiling in the age of AI\
[
\f2\i\fs28 \cb2 \strokec3 Do you know who is watching - image with this subtext]\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The pieces of our scattered digital selves have long been scraped\'a0from the web and clustered it into 
\f1\b profiles sold to the highest data hungry bidder
\f0\b0 . \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 These profile sales have the goal to 
\f1\b influence our behavior
\f0\b0 . ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Social_Dilemma"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}}) Not just on what we buy, but how we think.  We\'92re not just talking about individual risks, but collective risks too.\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 Use of such profiles has been used to fuel 
\f1\b extremism and sometimes violence
\f0\b0 \'a0against institutions and minority communities. And the Cambridge Analytica scandal famously showed how Russia used the power of profiles to influence the US elections. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.politico.eu/article/christopher-wylie-to-us-lawmakers-steve-bannon-ordered-vladimir-putin-messaging-tests-russia-cambridge-analytica/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}}) \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 And that was before we started using ChatGPT as a relationship therapist.\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 ChatGPT and other 
\f1\b AI models currently pose an even bigger risk 
\f0\b0 to our digital, and therefore physical, safety, because of how detailed such profiles can now get and how likely the response of ChatGPT will be taken for truth. \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 Who knows what we have given away already?\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 These companies are getting never-seen-before access to information about our work, our home and our thoughts. 
\f1\b Such power in the wrong hands can wreak havoc
\f0\b0 .\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 What could happen:\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Data of users worldwide is subject to jurisdictions or governments with the 
\f1\b power to obtain your data
\f0\b0 .\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Users risk consequences of this 
\f1\b data being used against them
\f0\b0 .\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Training datasets and model decisions are not verifiable or auditable by the public. They risk being 
\f1\b censured by vested interests
\f0\b0  or have inherit biases.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Individuals could even potentially be 
\f1\b targeted for specific behavior changes
\f0\b0  through AI conversations, since the nudging of thoughts can be done more nuanced than ever.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 We can expect 
\f1\b wide-scale collective and individual behavior change campaigns
\f0\b0 \'a0the likes we have not seen before. \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 While the US president is holding the world with a knife to its spine, he has strengthened relationships with these companies and even chose a Vice President to represent their interests. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.npr.org/2024/07/17/g-s1-11654/five-things-to-know-about-jd-vances-connections-to-tech-billionaires"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}})\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs56 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\cb2 AI as a risk to our safety\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \strokec3 \
[
\f2\i\fs28 \cb2 \strokec3 Do you know who is influencing you -> Image with this subtext]\
\

\f0\i0\fs36 \cb2 \strokec3 Today Trump arrived in The Hague for the NATO summit,  the city where Regen Studio was founded. The former Dutch Prime Minister now secretary-general of the NATO, Mark Rutte, openly praised Trump ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ft.com/content/ce9eb7e4-7989-45f6-a3b3-3cdec73a8540"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}}) for getting the 5% defense spending of NATO countries approved and called the Iran strikes 'truly extraordinary', while many experts and even Macron ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.politico.eu/article/emmanuel-macron-iran-israel-us-legal-war-mena/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}}) claim it is against international law.\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 NATO allies are supposed to keep each other safe ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/topics_110496.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}}), though normally meant in the context of physical safety from foreign attacks. However,
\f1\b  a lack of digital safety also puts us at physical risk
\f0\b0 , as the rise in polarization and violence through use of digital profiling has shown us.\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 Rutte seems convinced that the Americans are our only shot at safety. But would he share his most intimate details with Trump? Rutte might not, but every ChatGPT user is essentially doing that. Let alone the potential leaks of sensitive information due to employees sharing confidential documents. Furthermore, anywhere where we see reliance on models like ChatGPT, we\'92ve got a problem: 
\f1\b a strategic dependency with no democratic oversight
\f0\b0 . We\'92re talking about collective digital & physical sovereignty. \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 No privacy, no peace. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/26884674.2022.2061392"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}})\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 For the US it might alright be too late. With Elon Musk's Grok now suspected of 
\f1\b training on government data that is feared to include personal information
\f0\b0  ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.reuters.com/sustainability/boards-policy-regulation/musks-doge-expanding-his-grok-ai-us-government-raising-conflict-concerns-2025-05-23/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}}) \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 Other countries with power ambitions are following quickly. It can be of no surprise that 
\f1\b DeepSeek is now being accused of sending sensitive data to the Chinese government
\f0\b0 . ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://abcnews.go.com/US/deepseek-coding-capability-transfer-users-data-directly-chinese/story?id=118465451"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}})\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 In that sense, Rutte legitimizing Trump's behavior and allowing him his way without criticism is arguably making allies less safe if they do not stop the flow of their data to places where it might be used against them.\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 Even in the making of this blog, ChatGPT prevented me from generating certain critical or satirical images of Trump, although upon further testing it also didn't allow me to make similar images of the Ayatollah of Iran or Britney Spears, referencing the same rules. It shows, however, 
\f1\b we are playing by OpenAI's rules
\f0\b0 , which Trump will want to influence one way or another.\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 Luckily, there are AI models being built with privacy, transparency, and regional control in mind such as GPT-NL by TNO in the Netherlands ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gpt-nl.nl/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}}) or Chat Maritaca by researchers from Unicamp in Brazil. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://chat.maritaca.ai/auth"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}}) Using such tools is just one way for 
\f1\b digital self-defense in AI conversations
\f0\b0 .\
\
[
\f2\i\fs28 \cb2 \strokec3 Do you know who you are really speaking to <- image with this subtext]\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs56 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 Digital Self-Defense with Mental Models for AI - Pretend ChatGPT is Trump. Or China. Or...\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \strokec3 It sounds ridiculous, I know. But stick with me \'97 this is a practical strategy for anyone who values 
\f1\b \strokec3 privacy, dignity, or democratic autonomy in the age of artificial intelligence
\f0\b0 \strokec3 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \strokec3 Here\'92s the idea: imagine that everything you type into ChatGPT is going straight to someone like Donald Trump \'97 or more precisely, to a system that
\f1\b \strokec3  
\f0\b0 \strokec3 could be accessed or
\f1\b \strokec3  exploited by actors with similar disregard for your privacy or consent
\f0\b0 \strokec3 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \strokec3 This isn\'92t just a metaphor. This \'93\cb5 \strokec3 Trump Test\cb1 \strokec3 \'94 is one of several 
\f1\b \strokec3 mental models
\f0\b0 \strokec3 \'a0for protecting your privacy in conversational AI.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \strokec3 Others include:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The Visa Test
\f0\b0 : Would you say this during a border screening?\uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The Newspaper Test
\f0\b0 : Would you want this published with your name?\uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The Blackmail Test
\f0\b0 : Could this info be used to manipulate you?\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\cb1 [
\f2\i\fs28 \cb2 \strokec3 Do you know how to protect yourself <- image with this subtext]\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs56 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 A Strategy for Digital Self-Defense\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 Apart from the '\cb5 \strokec3 Trump Test' and its variations\cb2 \strokec3 , there are other things you can do to protect yourself. Here is a quick overview of other strategies you can try.\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs36 \cf0 \cb5 \strokec3 'Never say I to an AI'. 
\f0\i0 \cb2 \
Practicing 
\f1\b conversational hygiene
\f0\b0 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \'97 depersonalizing, abstracting, fictionalizing helps maintain a boundary between you\'a0and the algorithm.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs36 \cf0 \cb5 \strokec3 'find out who governs'.
\f0\i0  \cb2 \
Choose 
\f1\b transparent 
\f0\b0 and
\f1\b  ethical organizations
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 choose open-source models that are  trained on verifiable datasets
\f1\b .
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs36 \cf0 \cb5 \strokec3 'Keep it on your device'.
\f0\i0 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Investing in 
\f1\b locally run 
\f0\b0 alternatives, \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Check out Ollama
\f1\b \'a0
\f0\b0 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ollama.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}}) and run it in your console or try out the application Msty ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://msty.app/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 -}}) if you want even more models or a smoother user interface. \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs56 \cf0 \strokec3 From Generative to Regenerative AI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Are you protected by and from AI\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 At Regen Studio, we believe in the possibility of 
\f1\b regenerative AI
\f0\b0 \'a0\'97 technology that:\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Helps people grow, learn, and connect.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Strengthens communities and nature, rather than extracts from them.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Cannot be used against us.
\f0\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 That last point is crucial. I am not talking about some 'Skynet' AI runs wild, but 
\f1\b humans using AI against other humans
\f0\b0 .\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 Because if we don\'92t define regenerative AI intentionally, it will become extractive by default.  We\'92ve seen this before.\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs56 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Closing Thoughts\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\fs36 Social media promised us global connection. 
\f1\b What we got was manipulation, polarization, and mass surveillance
\f0\b0 . Let\'92s not take that same path with AI.\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 Instead, we must ask:\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Where does my data go?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Who controls the model?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Am I putting myself at risk?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 Without that,
\f1\b \'a0AI will be weaponized \'97 not democratized
\f0\b0 .\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 You don\'92t need to stop using ChatGPT. I haven\'92t. But 
\f1\b you do need to stop talking to it like a trusted friend or your therapist
\f0\b0 .\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 Privacy isn\'92t about paranoia. It\'92s about preserving the space where
\f1\b  your thoughts belong to you
\f0\b0 .\cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb5 \strokec3 If you\'92re building AI tools that deserve to be called regenerative\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb5 \strokec3 \'97 let\'92s connect at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://regenstudio.world/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb5 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 regenstudio.world}}.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\f1\b\fs36 \uc0\u10035 \u65038  Want to dive deeper?
\f0\b0 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \

\fs36 You can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://chatgpt.com/share/685b693d-4b68-8001-bbac-a0fa6b140001"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 read the full ChatGPT conversation used in creating this blog}}, with a surprisingly introspective twist at the end.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/yvo-hunink-63917a41/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec3 Yvo Hunink}}\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Founder Regen Studio\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:yvo.hunink@regenstudio.world"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs36 \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 yvo.hunink@regenstudio.world}}
\fs36 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 "I consider myself part of the 'lost generation' on the internet. The majority of my data on the worldwide web is completely outside of my control. A digital society with control back in the hands of people themselves is possible and at Regen Studio I am trying to help create 
\f0\i0\fs36 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
Tags:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/cloud-act"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 CLOUD Act}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/mental-models"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 mental models}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/privacy-by-design-3"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 privacy by design}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/personal-data-protection"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 personal data protection}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/regenerative-ai"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 regenerative AI}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/open-source-ai"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 open source AI}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/ai-and-democracy"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 AI and democracy}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/data-profiling"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 data profiling}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/digital-autonomy"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 digital autonomy}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/privacy-1"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 privacy}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/gpt-nl"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 GPT-NL}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/privacy-tools"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 privacy tools}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/trump-test"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Trump Test}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/chat-maritaca"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Chat Maritaca}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/digital-safety"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 digital safety}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/data-security-1"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 data security}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/digital-self-defense"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 digital self-defense}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/decentralized-technology"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 decentralized technology}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/surveillance-capitalism"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 surveillance capitalism}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/ai-regulation"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 AI regulation}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/ai-transparency"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 AI transparency}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/ai-governance"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 AI governance}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/ai-ethics"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 AI ethics}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/algorithmic-bias"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 algorithmic bias}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/ethical-ai"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 ethical AI}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/ollama"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Ollama}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/ai"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 AI}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/chatgpt"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 ChatGPT}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/digital-dignity"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 digital dignity}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/data-sovereignty-1"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 data sovereignty}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs80 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}