{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red23\green154\blue190;
\red245\green0\blue73;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c4706\c66667\c79216;
\cssrgb\c98039\c11373\c35686;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs80 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Intentional Disruption as a tool for Regenerative Innovation\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 Taking lessons from Judith Rodin's book on the Resilience Dividend
\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Yvo Hunink de Paiva\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 May 20, 2024\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 2 min read\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 In a world increasingly marked by crises\'97natural disasters, economic turmoil, and social upheaval\'97the ability to recover and thrive in the face of adversity is more crucial than ever. Judith Rodin's seminal work, 
\f1\i \cb2 \strokec3 The Resilience Dividend
\f0\i0 \cb2 \strokec3 , explores the concept of resilience, illustrating how communities, organizations, and individuals can not only bounce back from disruptions but also transform them into opportunities for growth and innovation. One of those stories takes place in Regen Studio's homecountry The Netherlands, about how it created the Delta Works to protect it's sub-sea level country from floods.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 However, Rodin also provides insights in how to build resilience without the need for experiencing system collapse through a crisis. In this blog we try to wrap our heads around some of those insights.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf4 \cb2 \strokec4 Understanding the Resilience Dividend
\f0\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\fs36 \cb2 \strokec3 Rodin frames the "resilience dividend" as the positive outcomes that arise from efforts to build resilience. She explains that resilience is not merely about withstanding shocks but involves adapting to new realities and seizing opportunities to improve. This dividend is realized when investments in resilience lead to enhanced well-being, economic stability, and social cohesion. These are exactly the outcomes that Regen Studio sees as a crucial indicator of a regenerative innovation ecosystem. But how does one invest in resilience building, one might ask.\cb1 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\f2\b\fs36 \cf4 \cb2 \strokec4 Intentional Disruption: A Path to Innovation
\f0\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\fs36 \cb2 \strokec3 In the conclusion of 
\f1\i \cb2 \strokec3 The Resilience Dividend
\f0\i0 \cb2 \strokec3 , Rodin introduces a provocative idea to stay adaptive: intentional disruption. By pro-active and controlled introduction of intentional disruption, resilience-building can be induced without the need for system collapse while still having potential changing the status quo. Intentional disruption involves taking calculated risks to preemptively address vulnerabilities. By challenging existing systems and practices, we can identify weaknesses before they become critical and innovate to build stronger, more adaptive structures.\cb1 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\fs36 \cb2 \strokec3 This concept is particularly relevant in the context of regenerative innovation, because systems can only become regenerative if they are adaptive and resilient. By deliberately seeking out opportunities for disruption, we can drive the kind of innovative thinking needed to build regenerative systems. This approach encourages us to rethink traditional methods and embrace new technologies and practices that enhance our ability to thrive in the face of adversity. Therefore, fostering a culture of regenerative innovation means embracing intentional disruption as a tool in the toolbox.\cb1 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\f2\b\fs36 \cf4 \cb2 \strokec4 Concluding
\f0\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\fs36 \cb2 \strokec3 Rodin's
\f1\i \cb2 \strokec3 The Resilience Dividend
\f0\i0 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0insights provide a compelling framework for understanding how regeneration and resilience are intertwined. It offers valuable lessons for anyone interested in the intersection of resilience and regeneration. Rodin's emphasis on intentional disruption as a pathway to resilience highlights the importance of proactive measures for regenerative ecosystems of communities and organizations.\cb1 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cb2 \strokec3 \

\fs36 \cb2 \strokec3 As we look to the future, integrating these principles into our strategies will be essential for navigating the complex challenges ahead and realizing the full potential of the resilience dividend. \cb1 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cb2 \strokec3 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs36 \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 So let's go and disrupt something with intention and contact us if you want us to be part!}}
\fs36 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
}