{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red245\green0\blue73;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c98039\c11373\c35686;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34060\viewh18580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs80 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Exploring Bioacoustics With Iracambi\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Yvo Hunink de Paiva\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Sep 23, 2024\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 4 min rea\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 d\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs80 \cf0 \cb2 Categories: Biodiversity, Reforestation, Innovation Services\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 This story begins not as a formal partnership, but as a personal volunteer endeavor that blossomed into something much more\'97a collaboration between Regen Studio and Iracambi that continues to grow.\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 le in energy management, ensuring that our solutions are not only sustainable but also just and ready for the challenges of tomorrow.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 A Volunteer's Journey into the Atlantic Rainforest
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 I embarked on a volunteer project in 2022 at Iracambi, a research center dedicated to restoring the Brazilian Atlantic Forest in Minas Gerais. Iracambi has been at the forefront of reforestation efforts, having planted thousands of trees in the Serra do Brigadeiro mountains. Their work is not just about trees but about the complete restoration of ecosystems, including the return of wildlife and educating the local population on the importance of their biome. Iracambi is exploring the concept of Smart Forests, and were open to designing a volunteer project around experimenting with sound recorders for biodiversity measurements, known as bioacoustics. This aligned perfectly with values, and the eventual fundaments on which I started Regen Studio.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://iracambi.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i\fs36 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Visit Iracambi's website}}
\f2\i\fs36 , and if you like them be sure to 
\f3\b donate
\f2\b0 . 
\f0\i0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs36 \cf0 I can guarantee your money will make an impact.
\f0\i0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Exploring Bioacoustics: The Project
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 After brainstorming with Robin Lebreton, Iracambi's founder, the research question was determined to be: \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b\fs36 \cf0 What value can bioacoustics bring to monitoring forest ecosystems and how is it applied in practice?\
\
Download link to report (Project Results - FINAL-Exploring-Bioacoustics-YvoHunink-Iracambi (1) in folder)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b0 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 During the preparation, the decision was made to focus on birds. Not only because the Atlantic Rainforest is the most biodiverse place on earth for bird species, but also because they can be identified through their songs relatively easily compared to other species. A desk review led to a complete list of potential bird species that could potentially be found in the area, including links to online sound databanks of some of those birds.
\fs32 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The equipment was bought in The Netherlands, with the Wildlife Acoustics Song Meter Micro as the chosen device, mainly for it's usability, it's price and the good record of the company, with a number of high end products that could support scale up upon success of the experiment. \
\
[photo]\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 A sound recorder being placed in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/maps/place/20%C2%B055'26.6%22S+42%C2%B033'35.2%22W/@-20.9240577,-42.5615395,831m/data=!3m2!1e3!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0xdf1c470110c292f8!8m2!3d-20.9240577!4d-42.5597787"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 this exact location}} (the old forest of the High Trail). 
\f0\i0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 During the 4 weeks on site at Iracambi, the sound recording device was deployed across various locations of different forest ecosystem characteristics, capturing over 200 hours of forest sounds.\
\
-> embed Soundcloud link: https://soundcloud.com/regen-studio-347776463/an-hour-of-rainforest-sounds-from-brazil?utm_source=clipboard&utm_medium=text&utm_campaign=social_sharing\
\
A total of 8 hours of recordings were meticulously analyzed to detect bird songs and calls, building a sound bank of clusters of similar calls, that could serve future research projects. \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The results were promising: 845 detections of individual birds were made, encompassing 35 different song types, and several bird species were identified, including the Little Tinamou.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\
[Picture tururim]\
\
\cb2 \strokec3 However, the project also revealed the challenges of using the software tools, which often struggled with background noise and required substantial manual effort. During that time (2022), the development of AI models to support identification activities was already briefly explored, showing clear signs of development, and a number of potential partners were suggested to help remove workload for researchers.\
\
[picture soundwaves]\
\
Ultimately, these findings contributed to two grant proposals aimed at enhancing bio-acoustic monitoring capabilities at Iracambi, of which one was granted by Wildlife Acoustics, the producer of the sound recorder used in the experiment. We built the proposal together with a local NGO, called {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mib.org.br/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Muriqui Instituto de Biodiversidade}}, around the monitoring of two key species in the region. The 'araponga' and the 'muriqui', otherwise known as the 
\f2\i \cb2 \strokec3 Bare-throated Bellbird 
\f0\i0 \cb2 \strokec3  and the 
\f2\i \cb2 \strokec3 Northern-Woolly Spider Monkey. 
\f0\i0 \cb2 \strokec3 The grant consisted of some high-end equipment of Wildlife Acoustics.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 In 2024 the first to use this equipment were {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://iracambi.com/pt-br/news-pt-br/iracambi-com-pt-br-blog-pt-br-conheca-paola/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Italian research students from the University of Bologna}}. Their methodology was not focused on species, but rather on measuring so-called 
\f2\i \cb2 \strokec3 entropy in soundscapes
\f0\i0 \cb2 \strokec3 , which can be used to determine overall complexity of the biodiversity in sound data through certain statistical analysis. I had the pleasure to visit Iracambi for 2 weeks while they were there, and see the fruits of my experiment be used by researchers. But this time I widened my view, assisting the excentric Toni with his agroforestry maintenance, building a proposal generator with AI and exploring funding for building a green corridor with a protected area close-by.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \strokec3 [photo2]\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \cb2 From Volunteering to Collaboration
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 This volunteer experience was never meant to be connected to Regen Studio. Yet, the insights gained and the alignment of values naturally paved the way for further collaboration. \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \

\fs36 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 What started as a personal exploration into bioacoustics has now evolved into a deeper connection between Iracambi and Regen Studio, pushing the boundaries of how technology can support reforestation and conservation efforts and building a vision for Smart Forests. More on our 
\f1\b \cb2 \strokec3 collaboration with Iracambi
\f0\b0 \cb2 \strokec3  in another story. Reach out if you want to explore Smart Forests with us.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Yvo Hunink
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Founder Regen Studio & Bioacoustics Experimenter\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 "I loved being able to experience a forest through sound recordings. I saw so many sonograms that whilst in my last hours of dreaming in the morning, waking up in the Iracambi forest, I experienced visuals not unlike the banner of this blog."\
\
Tags:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\i0\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/regen-studio"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Regen Studio}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/bioacoustics"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Bioacoustics}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/reforestation"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Reforestation}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/brazilian-rainforest"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Brazilian Rainforest}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/conservation-technology"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Conservation Technology}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/environmental-research"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Environmental Research}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/wildlife-acoustics"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Wildlife Acoustics}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/forest-ecosystems"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Forest Ecosystems}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/iracambi"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Iracambi}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/smart-forests"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Smart Forests}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/atlantic-rainforest"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Atlantic Rainforest}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/sound-monitoring"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Sound Monitoring}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/biodiversity-monitoring"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Biodiversity Monitoring}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/sustainable-development"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Sustainable Development}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/bird-species"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Bird Species}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/ai-in-conservation"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 AI in Conservation}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/eco-innovation"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Eco-Innovation}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/volunteer-stories"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Volunteer Stories}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/bird-song-identification"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Bird Song Identification}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/ecosystem-restoration"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Ecosystem Restoration}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/citizen-science"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Citizen Science}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/eco-friendly-tech"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Eco-Friendly Tech}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/wildlife-conservation"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Wildlife Conservation}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/climate-action"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Climate Action}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/environmental-impact"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Environmental Impact}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/field-research"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Field Research}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/sustainable-forestry"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Sustainable Forestry}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/habitat-restoration"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Habitat Restoration}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/nature-sounds"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Nature Sounds}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.regenstudio.world/blog/tags/acoustic-ecology"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Acoustic Ecology}}
\fs36 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
\
}